By the way,
your gagh has arrived.
My what?
Oh, no.
Oh, yes, and it's
waiting for you
in Cargo Bay 2.
Your gagh?
Jadzia ordered it.
She was planning a party
for Martok's birthday
next week.
How much gagh did she order?
51 cases.
Each containing
a different variety.
There are varieties
of gagh?
Oh, yes. I can remember
what each one tastes like
and the way they feel
when you swallow them.
Torgud gagh wiggles.
Filden gagh squirms.
Meshta gagh jumps.
( coughing )
Are you all right?
Me?
Well, you've barely
said three words.
Something on your mind?
Oh, no. I just, uh...
can't wait to see Miles,
that's all.
Oh, let me guess.
a holosuite appointment--
You have
defending the Alamo again?
You know me too well.
KIRA:
When does
his transport arrive?
Half an hour.
Bithool gagh has feet.
Flush it out the airlock,
all of it.
Environmental regulations.
Well, why don't you just
give it to Martok?
with me as a point of honor.
He'd insist on sharing it
in targ blood.
Wistan gagh is packed
I have to go now.
See you later.
I think I'd
better go, too.
Give my regards
to Santa Anna.
What?
Miles asked me
not to say anything,
but, uh, I haven't heard
from him in three days
and since he wasn't
on this morning's transport,
I think something might
have happened to him.
He told me he was going home
to visit his father.
was going to visit his father,
He may have implied that he
but he didn't actually say it.
Doctor, please.
Yes, sir.
So where is he?
The last message
I received from him
said that he was
still in New Sydney
and that he was following up
on some promising leads.
He's not a detective.
He's an engineer.
He is my Chief Engineer
and now he's missing.
So who is this woman he's
supposed to be looking for?
She's the widow
of Liam Bilby.
Bilby? Bilby?
undercover operation last year?
The man he befriended in that
Yes, sir. Miles still feels
responsible for his death
with his widow ever since,
and has been in touch
out of sight three weeks ago
and when she dropped
he got worried
and decided
to find her.
And now they're both
missing. Perfect.
In his defense, sir,
he did try and go through
the official channels,
but the authorities
on New Sydney
weren't very cooperative,
to say the least,
and since it isn't
a Federation world,
Starfleet doesn't have
any jurisdiction.
So he decided to turn
into a one-man police force.
Yes, sir.
( sighs )
New Sydney... it's in
the Sappora system, right?
Right.
I want a written report
detailing everything
you know about this woman,
O'Brien's plan to find her,
and everything else you
neglected to mention to me.
Aye, sir. May I ask
what you're going to do?
No, you may not,
and I want that report
on my desk within the hour.
And since your family
still lives
in the Sappora system,
I thought they might have
a few contacts
on New Sydney.
I'm sure they do.
My mother's one of
the more important
business leaders
in the system.
Your personnel file
says she owns
the fifth largest
pergium mining facility
in the entire sector.
Actually, it's
the sixth now.
The Ferengi found
a large deposit
on Timor II
a few years ago.
My mother nearly
had a heart attack
when she found out
we'd been knocked
out of the top five.
Please.
Do you think
she'd be willing
to intervene
with the local authorities,
to look into what happened
to the Chief?
Oh, I'm sure she would.
That's the first good news
I've heard all day.
Something wrong?
No.
Yes.
I don't know.
( sighing )
I haven't talked to my mother
in almost six months.
Oh.
The last time
I saw her
was just after I was joined.
She came to visit me on Trill,
a little confused.
and I was still
When she walked into my room,
looked her right in the eye
I put on a big smile,
and said, "Hi, Mom.
It's me-- Curzon."
Things kind of went
downhill from there.
what you were going through.
I'm sure she understood
You weren't prepared
to be joined.
She couldn't blame you
for being confused.
She didn't, not really,
to come home to recuperate,
but she did want me
and we had a... disagreement.
Not for the first time?
No, not for the first time.
I wouldn't ask you to do this.
If there was any other way,
No. That's all right.
I mean, my family problems
as finding the Chief.
aren't as important
I'll call my mother right away.
Thanks, old man.
Any time.
We've been worried about you.
I'm all right.
Really.
And I'm a lot more sure
of who I am
than the last time you saw me.
Well, that's a relief.
I'd hate to have to start
calling you Curzon.
I, uh... I've been promoted.
Oh?
Lieutenant Junior Grade
Ezri Dax, at your service.
Ezri Dax?
The symbiont name
always replaces
the family name
of the new host.
It's traditional.
Of course it is.
from Trill that long.
I haven't been away
is you're doing well.
The important thing
because I need your help.
Mother, I'm calling
One of our officers,
Miles O'Brien,
went to New Sydney
three weeks ago,
and now he's missing.
Captain Sisko was wondering
if maybe you could...
I'll do everything I can.
Thank you.
Now... when are you coming home?
when I can get away.
I'm not sure
Ezri, you haven't been home
in three years.
I know,
but with the war on
and everything...
Ezri Tigan-- Dax-- you tell
your Commanding Officer
is a very difficult woman
that your mother
to help look for Mr. O'Brien
and that she refuses
to return home right away.
unless you're allowed
Mother, no.
Please don't put me in this...
Ezri, goodbye.
I'll see you when you get here.
Here. Take
20 milligrams
at the first sign
of spacesickness.
If you don't,
you'll regret it.
So will
the other passengers.
Everything Starfleet knows
on Bilby and his widow.
Where's your report?
Oh, it's in there.
It's the one with
Captain Sisko's
boot prints all over it.
Don't worry.
I'm sure you'll be
out of the doghouse
by the time I get back.
I hope so.
Would it help if I said
that, as someone
who isn't especially
close to his parents,
I sympathize?
I'm about to present my family
with a whole new Ezri,
and to tell you the truth,
they didn't really know
what to make of the old one.
But thanks
for trying, Julian.
I'll let you know
as soon as I find out
anything about Miles.
Well, have a safe trip.
Zee.
Norvo.
I cannot believe
you're really here.
Neither can I.
You cut your hair.
it kept getting in my eyes.
Oh... yeah,
Do you like it?
Takes some getting used to.
I think you've just summed up
my entire visit.
Is this yours?
NORVO:
Mom insisted
on hanging it in here.
I hate it.
Why?
Well, the composition
is puerile and obvious,
the colors belong
on a child's toy,
and the technique is laughable.
But other than that?
It's perfect.
Welcome home,
little girl.
Hi, Janel.
Do I have to take
a sonic shower
before I get a hug?
It's good to see you.
You, too.
What happened here?
She cut it.
I think it brings
out her eyes,
gives her more
of a classic look.
It's cute.
Um, Mom's on her way.
She said to give you
the preliminary police report
on your friend.
Have they
found out anything?
Not yet.
But they have a few leads.
I hope you appreciate
all the trouble
she's going to.
She called in a lot of favors
from the New Sydney police.
Of course I appreciate it.
So how long
are you staying?
I'm not sure yet.
JANEL:
She's not going
longer than she has to.
to be here a minute
You know that.
We're in the middle
of a war, Janel.
I have responsibilities
back on DS9.
There's always something.
( sighs )
Hello, Mother.
I hate your hair.
( laughs )
Oh...
Have you eaten?
No, not yet.
Good, because I've
got Korella working
on a very special dinner.
Have you taken care
of Lorkin?
I was just going to contact him.
I want him paid and gone
before dinner's ready.
Yes, ma'am.
And what about that
third quarter review
I asked you for?
I'm still working on it.
You've been working on it
for a week now.
some of the revenues.
I miscalculated
I have to redo them.
I know you don't like
doing the bookkeeping,
as soon as possible, all right?
but I really need that review
Good.
I want to show you
the new solarium.
brought in from Andoria,
I had these tiles all
by this very charming old man...
and then hand-painted
Have Mr. Lorkin report
to the main house.
Yes, sir.
Why are you getting
rid of Lorkin?
That broken waveguide
in 14-3-A is going to cost us
of latinum a day.
a thousand bars
Mother thinks it's the result
of sloppy maintenance.
What do you think?
I think a brand-new waveguide
doesn't just break.
Bokar was behind it?
You mean...
to send us a message.
He's trying
doesn't take no for an answer.
The Orion Syndicate
Maybe we should tell Mother.
No.
I can deal with Bokar.
I don't know...
Relax.
Everything's going
to be all right.
EZRI:
Jadzia considered Kira
to be one of her best friends,
and I'm starting to think
of her the same way.
We spend a lot
of time together.
She didn't have any trouble
adjusting to having a...
new Dax in her life?
Well, no more
than anyone else.
I don't really think
any of them
were expecting another Dax
to walk into their lives.
Hmm. Did any
of them wonder...
MOTHER:
Whatever happened
you were interested in
to that young man
on the Destiny?
It was, uh, Lieutenant,
uh, uh... something.
Brinner Finok.
Yes.
He was an Ensign.
after I was joined... once,
I did talk to him
but... I don't think
for each other anymore.
we're really right
He reminds me too much
of my son, Gran.
It makes me uncomfortable
being around him now.
Sorry. Audrid's son Gran.
sorting out my pronouns.
I'm still
I'm sure all joined Trills
go through this.
No, just me.
Nothing simple for Ezri.
There's times when the computer
asks me to identify myself
and I have to think
about what to say.
there's days when I wake up,
Or worse yet,
if I'm a man or a woman
and I don't even know
until I pull back the covers.
I also have an unfortunate
tendency to ramble.
Don't be embarrassed, dear.
It's not your fault.
through years of training
You should have gone
to receive a symbiont.
It wasn't fair of them
to join you to Dax
just because you happened to be
the only Trill
on board.
I mean, it's no
surprise to me
you're having trouble
sorting out eight lifetimes
of memories and experiences.
a little overwhelming at times.
Well, it can be
Sure.
But don't you worry.
We'll take care
of you, won't we?
Absolutely.
Of course.
That's nice to know,
but I think I've got things
under control now.
Ezri...
you always were too
proud for your own good.
( door chimes )
Come in, Zee.
How did you know it was me?
No one else would bother
with the chime.
Hmm, I see some things
never change.
Here...
have a seat.
How many of these are yours?
All of the bad ones.
When did you become
such a harsh critic
of your work?
Just being realistic.
It's amateurish, I know that.
It says so right there.
Saurian brandy?
Sure.
I should probably
get a clean one.
I don't care.
Norvo, this doesn't mean...
To my sister...
a shining angel
in a dark sky.
All right.
The Andorian Academy
rejected your application.
That doesn't mean
your work
is amateurish.
There are other
art schools.
It's the best.
So? You shouldn't
just quit.
I'm not very good, Zee.
I never was.
All of this...
it's an indulgence.
Just like my other hobbies--
poetry, music...
I can't... concentrate.
My mind wanders.
I don't have the discipline
it takes to succeed.
Those are Mother's words.
I know because I've
heard them, too.
She wasn't right about me,
and she's not right
about you, either.
things turned out. Really.
I'm fine with the way
Besides, they need me here.
the family bookkeeping?
To do what,
Norvo, you could do
so much more.
to make you feel bad.
I'm not trying
that I still believe in you.
I just want you to know
Thanks. Thank you.
Good night.
Night.
( sighs )
MOTHER:
I hope you're
satisfied.
Have you seen Norvo today?
No.
Well, maybe you should.
He's lying in bed
with a hangover.
When I woke up
this morning,
I found him passed out
in the entry room.
Evidently, he spent
most of the night doing this.
You think it's funny?
I think it's funny you think
he did this because of me.
He's not happy here, Mother.
Can't you see that?
That's nonsense.
Mother, he's defacing
his own artwork,
work you insisted on displaying
even after he objected.
I'm proud of him.
I'm trying to encourage him.
But what you've done
trapped and powerless.
is made him feel
one night in this house,
You've barely spent
analyze our entire family?
and you think you can
your brother anymore, Ezri.
You don't know
who needs to be cared for.
He's a fragile young man
who needs his freedom.
He is a grown man
You're smothering him.
and tell me how to be a mother?
How dare you come in here
about raising children?
What do you know
Actually, I have three...
no, four lifetimes' worth
about raising children.
of memories
I have worked and sacrificed
for each one of you
for over 30 years.
( door chimes )
Not now!
Sorry to interrupt, but...
-Miles!
-Ezri.
What are you doing here?
This is... my home.
This is where I live.
Uh... my mother.
I'm pleased to meet you,
Mr. O'Brien.
Can you...?
He wasn't very friendly
when we located him.
Neither were you.
If you'll
excuse me,
we're having
a problem
with a drill
down in 24-B.
Did you do this to him?
Just the one on the jaw.
The rest he got
thanks to
the Orion Syndicate.
anything on Bilby's wife?
Did you find out
I found her.
She's dead.
Thanks.
The DNA scan confirmed
that the body was Morica's.
She'd been dead
at least six weeks.
Do you have any idea
of the cause of death?
No.
was the Orion Syndicate.
The cause of death
There's no evidence of that.
I-it could have been
an accident.
O'BRIEN:
Oh, yeah.
She accidentally
hit herself in the head
and accidentally threw herself
in the river, huh?
a month out of that river.
We pull a dozen bodies
they're all Syndicate murders?
You think
If it was anything like this,
yes.
And if you hadn't interfered,
I might have proved
she was murdered.
If we hadn't interfered,
you'd be dead.
When your mother called us,
we already had word
that a Starfleet Intelligence
Operative was trying
to infiltrate
the Syndicate.
It didn't take long
that it was your friend.
to realize
We found him being beaten up
by a pair of Nausicaans.
They were just trying
to scare me.
Why?
Exactly.
Why were they trying
to scare me?
Because I had found the body
of Morica Bilby,
trace the murder back to them.
and they didn't want me to
The Syndicate
would never kill
the widow of
an operative.
The only thing holding
them together is
this loyalty they show
to operatives
and their families.
They may not be
as loyal as you think.
Mrs. Tigan, please contact
us if there's anything else
we can do for you.
Thank you.
I will.
Ezri, why don't you show
Mr. O'Brien
to one of our guest rooms.
Let him clean up
and have something to eat.
Thanks.
...so that tip led me
to the river.
I searched the south bank
for about three hours
before I found her.
The organic solvents
in the water
had partially
decomposed her body...
but it was her.
I'm sorry, Chief.
something more I could do.
I wish there was
Maybe you could put in
a good word for me
with Captain Sisko.
It may take a lot of good words,
but I'll talk to him.
Mr. O'Brien,
how are you feeling?
Fine, thank you.
I've eaten enough for a week.
Glad to hear it.
I understand that
you're an engineer.
That's right.
He's not a mining engineer.
We have a problem
with a transsonic drill
that no one on my staff
seems capable of fixing,
and I would appreciate
it very much
if you would be kind
enough to take a look at it.
Mother, he needs some rest.
Now?
How much rest do you require,
Mr. O'Brien?
Actually, I feel fine.
Thank you.
I'll see you at dinner.
I'm sorry about this.
Our mother's a force of nature.
It's all right.
It'll be good to get my hands
on a problem I can solve
for a change.
Lead on.
Good morning.
Good afternoon.
Oh.
( groans )
to be happy about this.
Mother is not going
the line of fire for the moment.
Don't worry. You're out of
torturing Janel and Miles.
She's too busy
Miles?
Oh, your friend.
They found him?
He's fine.
That's great, Zee.
Great.
Does that mean
you're leaving?
Not right away.
Let's talk about you.
( chuckles )
about what you did last night.
More specifically,
What can I say?
I become an art critic.
I get drunk,
Do you regret what you did?
Not really.
those pieces anyway.
I never liked
So, what are you feeling?
I'm feeling like I don't want
to be analyzed by my sister.
Sorry.
It's what I do.
This situation is
not that complex, Zee.
I am wallowing in self-pity
and acting out my frustrations
by throwing tantrums.
All right, Dr. Norvo.
If that's your diagnosis,
what's your prescription?
Mother disapproves
of suicide--
all that blood
on the carpets.
Not funny.
Best I can do
with a hangover.
Norvo...
what would happen if you
left with me tomorrow?
What do you mean?
I mean, what would happen
to Deep Space 9 with me?
if you went back
Mother would go insane.
Forget about her for the moment.
just pick up and leave.
I can't... I can't
Well, it doesn't have
to be a permanent move.
Think of it as a vacation--
a break from all of this,
some time to clear your head,
that's all.
I... I don't know
if I can leave all of this
on Janel's shoulders.
-Janel can handle it.
-It's not that simple.
going on that are complicated.
There are some things
Like what?
Things with the company.
No offense, Norvo,
but you're not exactly holding
the company together.
Mother can pay a real accountant
to do the work she's given you.
I don't... I don't know, Zee.
Well, think about it.
( hum of machinery )
You're right.
The problem's definitely
in the secondary
input transtator.
But the transtator
checks out perfectly.
I'm sure it does,
but it's the wrong
transtator for this drill.
What?
You need a 52-J.
This is a 52-L.
It says 52-J.
but it's definitely an "L."
I know,
accidentally mislabeled.
Must have been
Or deliberately.
MALE:
Another equipment
failure?
Perhaps if you hadn't
dismissed Mr. Lorkin,
this wouldn't have happened.
He was dismissed
on my mother's personal order.
of changing her mind, won't we?
Then we'll have to find a way
Who's your new mechanic, Janel?
This is Mr. O'Brien.
He's a friend of the family.
Chief O'Brien, would it?
That wouldn't be
How did you know that?
in the New Sydney police.
I have several friends
a Starfleet Chief named O'Brien
I heard they recently rescued
from an unpleasant situation.
That's me.
I caught your name.
I don't believe
Thadial Bokar.
I'm a commodities broker
attempting to establish
business ties
with the illustrious
Tigan family.
for a moment, Chief?
Will you excuse us
some business to discuss.
Mr. Bokar and I have
Thank you for your help.
I'll have a new transtator
installed right away.
Glad to do it.
Sabotaging our drills isn't
going to convince me
to do more business
with the Orion Syndicate.
We'll argue
about that later.
We have more immediate concerns.
Starfleet Intelligence.
O'Brien is with
No, he isn't.
He works with my sister
on Deep Space 9.
he wants you to think,
That may be what
but why was he on New Sydney
trying to infiltrate
the Syndicate?
He was looking for some woman.
"Some woman."
Do you know the name
of this woman?
No.
Well, I do.
Her name was Morica Bilby.
What?
Now, of course, I haven't heard
from Morica Bilby
in quite some time.
Rumor has it that she's dead,
but I wouldn't know anything
about that.
What I do know
is that Chief O'Brien
should leave this system
quickly,
before something
happens to him.
So, you're not leaving
until tomorrow?
Well, probably.
It really depends on Ezri.
Why?
Well, she's
my superior officer.
I go when she goes.
Besides, I'm not looking
forward to seeing
Captain Sisko.
with my name on it.
He has a boot
This isn't a good time
for guests.
There's a lot of work to do.
The quicker you're
on your way, the better.
Your brother seems eager
to get rid of us.
Oh, don't mind him.
He's been under
a lot of pressure.
named Thadial Bokar?
Do you know a man
Says he's
a commodities broker.
No.
But I make it a point
to know as little as possible
about the family business.
Why?
Well, he came to the mine
to talk with Janel
while I was working
on the drill.
There was something about him
reminded me of when I was
working undercover
with the Orion Syndicate--
you know,
something about the way
they dealt with civilians.
is a member of the Syndicate?
You think this Mr. Bokar
It's just a feeling...
and a pretty strong feeling.
We should tell Janel.
I think Janel already knows.
I'm not offering you
Well, I know
any hard evidence here,
Lieutenant,
but your brother seems
like a man
who's being pressured
by the Syndicate.
sudden equipment breakdowns,
He's experiencing
mysterious accidents.
work stoppages,
That's the way the Syndicate
from legitimate companies.
extorts money
"Do business with us
or we'll ruin you."
who is easily intimidated,
Janel is not someone
and my mother-- she would burn
this place to the ground
before she did business
with the Syndicate.
Well, there's one way
to find out.
Do you have access
to the company's
financial records?
What would you do
on Deep Space 9?
Take a vacation.
Clear my head.
Clear your head of what?
I-I don't know.
Then why do you need
a vacation?
I guess I don't, really.
I just... but
it would be nice
to spend some
time with Ezri.
You're spending time
with her right now,
aren't you?
Yes...
We're ready to open
25 Beta.
I'll be right there.
Norvo, this is
a very bad time
for you to take
a vacation.
We have far too
much work to do.
Have you finished
the review?
Almost.
Well, then maybe
you should get to it.
Yes, ma'am.
Let's go.
Now I remember why I never went
into the family business--
all these contracts
and invoices,
balance sheets
and shipping orders.
Ugh!
I feel like I'm trapped
in some kind
of Ferengi nightmare.
What?
What is it?
I don't know.
What's going on here?
What do you mean?
Did you come here to find me
finding out the truth?
or to prevent me
what you're talking about,
I don't know
you should just tell me, Chief.
so maybe
The connection between
the Orion Syndicate
and your family...
is Morica Bilby.
She was on the company's
payroll when she died.
Did you know about this?
No. Of course not.
in your family did.
Well, someone
didn't mention it,
And since they
don't want us to know.
they obviously
Are you suggesting...?
I'm not suggesting anything,
but you have to face
the possibility
that somebody in your family...
was involved in her death.
Nine months ago.
There.
Morica Bilby shows up
on the payroll
as a shipping consultant.
Five bars of latinum
a week for services rendered.
What services?
There's no
cross-reference,
no indication of what she
was doing for the company.
Whatever it was, she must
have been good at the job.
Look here.
Her salary increases
to ten bars a week,
then 20, then 30.
The last payment entry
was six weeks ago.
The day before she was killed.
Who's in charge of the payroll?
My mother... ultimately,
but she's turned over
most of the day-to-day
operations to Janel,
and Norvo's been doing
the bookkeeping.
Any one of them could know
about Morica's payments.
Or all of them.
we have to show this
Lieutenant,
to the authorities
on New Sydney.
Not yet.
Not until I find out
what's happened.
That's an order.
Yes, sir.
Why was this woman
on our payroll?
We were returning
a favor.
To whom?
To the Orion Syndicate.
did they do for us?
And what "favor"
opened up the Timor II mine
Remember when the Ferengi
and there was a ten-point drop
in the price of pergium?
Well, that came
at a bad moment.
We were overextended
on some loans,
our cash reserves were depleted,
destroyed an entire shipment
and a Jem'Hadar raid
before it reached the refinery
on Rigel IV.
So you turned
to the Syndicate?
They came to me.
They offered us a way out,
and I took it.
I did what I had to do.
And I don't remember
you asking a lot
of questions
were resolved overnight.
when our cash problems
Because I trusted you.
Obviously,
it was a mistake.
What about Morica?
About a month after
Bokar arranged the loan,
he came to me and said
it was time
to return the favor.
There was a woman
who needed a job
with a salary
any actual work involved.
but without
He said she was the widow
of one of their associates
to take care of her.
and they needed
I didn't feel like
I was in a position
to say no,
making the payments.
so I started
No one would have been the wiser
if Norvo had altered
the payroll records
like I asked him.
You dragged your little brother
into this?
You're the one who says
there's nothing more important
than the company.
I was thinking about--
Well, that's all
the company.
You dumped it in my lap
and I saved it,
so don't start complaining now.
we would have been finished.
If it weren't for me,
Don't you rationalize
what you've done.
All right, all right.
who saved what later.
We can talk about
we have to concentrate
Right now,
on what happened to Morica.
The payroll records show
a steady increase
in her payments.
Why?
She wasn't happy
with her salary.
She said the Syndicate promised
her a comfortable living,
on what we were paying her.
and she wasn't comfortable
How did she die?
I don't know.
Janel... if you have anything
to do with this,
now is the time to speak.
What are you saying?
That I had her killed?
I'm asking!
Mother, he wouldn't
have killed her.
You stay out of this.
Listen to me.
I will get you the very best
solicitor in New Sydney,
but you must tell me the truth.
I didn't kill her.
why don't I believe you?
Oh, Janel,
Why don't I believe
that this woman
just happened to die
at the exact moment
she was pressuring you
for more money?
Why won't you
listen to him?
He didn't do it.
JANEL:
I may not have
shed any tears
when I found out
she was dead,
but I didn't kill her.
Then who did?
MOTHER:
JANEL:
The police said...
Norvo, you don't know what
happened to Morica, do you?
MOTHER:
Even if it was
an accident,
we are going to hire...
I'm the idiot brother.
How would I know?
Tell me you don't know
anything about this.
I tried to reason with her,
but she was
very angry--
angry at the Syndicate,
angry at us,
for getting himself killed.
even angry at her husband
I didn't go there
to kill her, Zee.
I really didn't,
but she wouldn't
listen to me.
She started yelling.
just as bad as the Syndicate,
Said that our family was
that we were all liars
and cheats.
And then, suddenly
I realized
that if she were dead...
all of our problems
would go away.
Oh, Norvo.
I took care of it.
You always said
that I was
to handle the tough ones.
too weak...
I'm not.
I proved it.
I handled a problem
that you couldn't.
I handled it.
I need to, uh...
inspect the ore
samples from 53-C.
We have to make
a decision
on whether to
open up a new...
Janel, forget
about the mine.
It doesn't matter.
I want you
to listen to me.
After Norvo's trial is over,
you need to go.
Go where?
It doesn't matter.
Just go.
Find another life
for yourself.
Trust me.
You'll be happier.
They've taken Norvo.
I'm going to stay on New Sydney
for the trial,
to head back to Deep Space 9.
and then I'm going
This isn't my fault,
is it, Ezri?
I didn't do this, did I?
Mind if I join you?
When did you get back?
Last night.
Norvo was sentenced
to 30 years.
I was sorry, but...
I wish I could say
considering what he did,
he got off easy.
why you feel that way,
I understand
but you didn't know him, Miles.
Norvo was very gifted.
he had so much potential.
When we were young,
Norvo was always the one
would be something special,
that we all thought
and I don't know what happened.
how my brother turned into...
I don't know
I just spent so many years
You know, I guess
to get out of that house
dreaming of ways
was really going on inside,
that I didn't see what
what was happening to Norvo--
the endless humiliation,
the constant drumbeat
of criticism...
the way his heart was carved up
into little pieces.
I should have seen it.
I should have tried
to stop it.
You can't blame yourself.
You're not responsible
for that.
But I am, don't you see?
I should have gone home
a long time ago.